adds slack channel link to CONTRIBUTING.md (#933)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Mentoring Initiatives](https://git.k8s.io/community/mentoring) - We have a diverse set of mentorship programs available that are always looking for volunteers!

## Contact Information

> - [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/?redir=%2Fmessages%2FCJJ529RUY) - A channel that can be used by people who have questions about the project. It offers an alternative to submitting a Github issue;

Reviewer: Please add this text as well - 
```
[Join Slack](http://slack.k8s.io) to sign up and join the Kubernetes Slack. Please make sure to read our [Slack Guidelines](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/slack-guidelines.md) before participating.
```

Sorry, the link I provided in the GH issue is not the proper one, but a redirect.
```suggestion
-  The [kube-state-metrics slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/CJJ529RUY) provides an effective communication platform to reach out to members and other users of the project. It offers an alternative to submitting a GitHub issue for when you have questions and issues.
```

Author: done

> <!---

Reviewer: Can you delete this markdown comment?

Author: done
